Confirm processes are no longer visible before returning (#37)
sindresorhus/fkill: readme.md

Suppress all error messages. For example: `Process doesn't exist`.

##### verify

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `true`

> Perform a rigorous check that the process is no longer visible to the system before returning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a rigorous check that the process is no longer running before returning.
```

"visible" sounds weird. Makes me think it could be "hidden".
